[opdocs] Kommander: Split clusters into multiple pages (#3400)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.3/clusters/delete-cluster/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
beta: true

> navigationTitle: Disconnecting or Deleting Clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navigationTitle: Disconnect or Delete Clusters
```

> title: Disconnecting or Deleting Clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Disconnect or Delete Clusters
```

menuWeight: 7
excerpt: Disconnect or delete a cluster
---

## Disconnect vs. delete

> When you attach a cluster to Kommander that was not created with Kommander, you may later disconnect it. This does not alter the running state of the cluster, but simply removes it from the Kommander UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you attach a cluster to Kommander that was not created with Kommander, you can later disconnect it. This does not alter the running state of the cluster, but simply removes it from the Kommander UI.
```

> For managed clusters created with Kommander, disconnecting the cluster is not an option, but it can be deleted. This completely removes the cluster and all of its cloud assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you created the managed clusters with Kommander you cannot disconnect the cluster but you can delete the cluster. This completely removes the cluster and all of its cloud assets.
```

<p class="message--warning"><strong>WARNING: </strong>

> If you delete the management (Konvoy) cluster, you won't be able to use Kommander to delete the managed clusters that were created by Kommander. Be sure and delete any managed clusters before finally deleting the Konvoy cluster if your intention is to delete all clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete the management (Konvoy) cluster, you can not use Kommander to delete any managed clusters created by Kommander. If you want. to delete all clusters ensure you delete any managed clusters before finally deleting the Konvoy cluster.
```

</p>

### Statuses

> See [Statuses](/dkp/kommander/1.3/clusters/#statuses) for a list of possible statuses a cluster can have when it is getting disconnected or deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Statuses](/dkp/kommander/1.3/clusters/#statuses) for a list of possible states a cluster can have when it is getting disconnected or deleted.
```
